Welcome back to the Rainbow Studio and
this edition of Appalling Twistianity.
I am Yada and this is the Wookie
here.
And we're going to jump back in to
Paul's letter to the Galatians.
It is the first letter written in the
beginning of Christianity.
Those who believe that Matthew was the
first book and that it's all organized as
it was decreed by God.
have um been played for fools uh the
first book of the christian new testament
as in the order that it was written
was galatians it was written in cce at
the at the time there was no jesus
he was invented for this letter paul
pursued him in his next fourteen letters
in fact paul's fourteen letters
became the first fourteen books of the
Christian New Testament.
It wasn't until ten years after Paul's
last letter, that to Timothy,
where he admitted that he was all alone
and everyone had rejected him,
for good reason, by the way.
It was ten years after the fact that
the book of Mark was written,
five years after that.
Luke and Acts,
they were both written by
non-eyewitnesses.
They were both written by men who weren't
even in proximity to anyone.
They weren't even secondary witnesses.
They were never in proximity to anybody
who had actually witnessed any of the
events that took place in thirty three
C.E.
And Luke is heavily plagiarized from Mark.
And it wouldn't be.
So they were written in seventy five to
eighty CE in likely Rome.
And then Matthew and John were both
written by misnomers.
We have no idea who the original author
was.
We think one was written in Rome and
the other one probably in Ephesus,
a very long way away,
three generations removed from the facts.
Matthew is a hundred percent plagiarism,
comes from three sources, Mark, Luke,
and the Ebyownym, the Ebonites.
And John is who knows what,
but it was also written between ninety
five and one hundred CE in Ephesus.
Certainly not by somebody who had spent
any time around Dowd as he is the
actual Messiah who fulfilled the events in
thirty three CE.
The Christian New Testament is really just
a pile of rubbish.
But proving it and saying it are two
different things.
So we are proving it in this program.
Paul's run-on sentence as he was
establishing Christianity,
the religion his way, read,
as we have said before, and no,
this is the first letter.
There was no said before,
and there was no we.
Paul was absolutely alone at this point.
He was a lone wolf.
Literally a lone wolf because he was a
Benjamite.
As we have stated before,
that is a lie twice over.
No we and no stated before.
And even just now.
Okay, well, you can get that one right.
I'll give you a credit for that one.
You are stating it just now also.
So why would you have as previously stated
just now also?
Why don't you just say what you're going
to say?
I mean,
why do you have to have four introductory
concepts?
Although, perhaps, altogether through,
why not?
Terrible writing.
I say, okay, not God says.
I say.
This is the basis of Christianity, but I,
Paul, say.
I say.
And who's I?
He's a piece of crap.
He was a failed rabbi.
He was a sexual pervert by his own
admission.
He admitted he was demon possessed.
He is guilty of every possible rational
fallacy.
He couldn't keep his own life history
accurate and messed up everything else.
He never once quoted the character that
became Gospel Jesus, never once.
Every citation from Yahowah to prove his
point, he misappropriated, twisted,
perverted,
and misrepresented in every possible way.
He is literally a piece of SHIT.
And yet you want to believe what I
say?
No.
I say that he is an idiot.
So as we have said before, lie, lie,
just now, also, I say.
You just got to believe.
Two point five billion people believe the
religion that this man conceived with
these stupid letters.
As we have said before.
And even just now, also, I say,
if someone delivers a unangelizo,
a gospel, a helpful messenger,
communicates a useful message,
it's from you to be good, beneficial,
an angelo,
which is either message or messenger.
Take of that which you will.
To you, similar or contrary to,
in opposition with,
or just positioned alongside, Parah,
which means close to, besides,
approximately the same, near, beyond,
or greater than, in the opinion of some,
even associated with.
So par is not much of a contrast.
It is much more of a comparison.
So if someone presents a message that is
somewhat similar,
positioned alongside that which you
received,
and that would be he is talking about
what he received from whom, Paul?
Not from God.
From himself.
Can't be from Jesus because Jesus didn't
exist yet.
Jesus never talked to even gospel.
Jesus never ventured to Galatia.
So it's from himself.
You received.
You bought in.
You associated with.
You related to.
Which, by the way,
happens to be another lie because they
rejected him.
He made that clear in his previous
statement.
It shall be, it will,
this is written as, I wish or command,
it shall exist as.
The present tense means that this state
currently exists and that it will continue
for an undisclosed period.
The active voice means that the subject,
Paulos, who is the speaker,
is actively engaged in bringing about the
curse.
And the imperative mood serves as either a
command or an expression of the speaker's
desire or both.
I want a curse to exist.
And I demand that a curse exists with
dreadful consequences.
Galatians one nine.
So Paul is putting everyone on notice that
he is the God of his religion and
he will not tolerate a rival.
He would remain vengeful and rebellious.
Dreadful results would follow for anyone
that would dare say that he was a
piece of SHIT.
Cursing the Jews, no problem.
But if the Jews responded to him, oh,
they were demonic.
He would not prevail through evidence and
reason.
No, there was no differentiation here,
was there?
Listen,
I know I presented a message to you
that I cited out of the Towrah,
and you had already heard or somebody else
presented a message to you that was
presented out of a different book of the
Towrah or from a prophet.
And their interpretation was slightly
different than mine.
And let me explain that I based my
definition on an explanation on these
words conveyed in this context this way.
And they chose to interpret those words
differently.
And so...
I'm going to tell you that both ways
have some merit,
but the reason I think my interpretation
makes more sense is when you look at
the etymological history of these words
and you view them in this context and
you consider them with what else God
conveyed throughout the Towrah and
Prophets,
this interpretation makes more sense than
the other one.
But
It isn't a curse.
It's just that we have a difference here
in our conclusions regarding this
evidence,
but I'm taking the time to explain to
you how that difference is manifest,
and then you can make a reasoned decision
as to what you choose to accept.
Did he say any of that?
No.
He just said, I had a euangelizo,
a good or beneficial message or messenger,
and somebody now has a, well,
might be very similar,
might be quite different,
but alongside mine,
somebody else came up with one.
And because they challenged mine,
even if they were the same,
the fact that they said it versus I
said it, a curse now exists.
Not going to tell you what the argument
was over.
Not going to tell you where we disagreed.
I'm not going to even tell you what
I told you.
Nor am I going to express what they
said contrary to what I told you.
I'm just going to tell you that if
anyone conveys a message,
that whether it's different than mine or
exactly the same as mine,
no matter how good it is,
a curse exists.
because it's not from me, myself, and I.
That is the only rational deduction from
this.
And I'm here to tell you, that's damning.
It's like suing somebody for criticizing
you.
Yes.
Like the president does.
Yeah,
this is the exact approach that Donald
Trump has.
Yeah.
That if anybody isn't wholeheartedly
saying, oh, Trump, winner, winner,
chicken dinner, then they're scum.
And if you even take a breath of
air and say, you know,
I didn't applaud at the right moment
there.
I wasn't quick enough in my standing
ovation.
You know,
you are chicken liver with Donald Trump.
That's the same thing here.
No, no reason why.
the total confabulation.
There's no correlation between what he
said and reality.
But what he has done here is to
say that there is a difference of opinion.
I have one, somebody else has another.
I'm not going to identify who the others
are.
I'm not going to tell you what my
opinion was.
I'm not going to tell you what their
I'm just telling you that there's a
difference of opinion and I'm the one
conveying one of the two opinions and
there's a difference of opinion than a
curse exists.
That is what he just said.
And there are two point two or two
point five billion morons.
that adhere to this nincompoops religion?
It's obviously easy to fool most of the
people most of the time.
This is Paul's first letter.
So as we have said before,
is only potentially a reference to the
previous sentence.
But does he have a frog in his
pocket?
something he makes clear by way of arti,
simultaneously and immediately thereafter.
As a result,
since Paulos is writing exclusively under
his own chosen name,
no longer under his given name, Sha'uwl,
we must consider what he's trying to
accomplish by using we,
then ponder why he felt it was necessary
to transition back to I,
in the same sentence?
Who were his partners?
And why at times did he include some
and exclude them?
He doesn't tell you, does he?
Now it is revealing, therefore,
that Galatians one six begins,
I am amazed,
first person singular present tense,
but then a transition to we delivered,
first person plural past tense.
in Galatians one eight,
when ranting about the same issue that
they rejected him.
Paul's recent visit to Galatia was with
Marnabas, according to Acts,
which by the way,
contradicts Paul's letters,
perhaps accounting for the prior and
plural message delivery.
But the short period between Jerusalem and
that summit where he was brought in and
said, are you full of it?
And the time that his letter was dictated,
Barnabas and Sha'uwl had had a heated
argument and had gone their separate ways.
And according to the present singular
perspective, well,
that was all reflected over the course of
a sentence without telling you who it was
or what happened or why.
I mean, I can tell you why.
Paul was a asshole.
At least that would be the case had
Galatians one nine not included we and I
in immediate succession.
Also interesting,
Sha'uwl will take a mean spirited swipe at
Barnabas before this letter is through,
just as he condemns Peter within it.
All was not good within Christendom.
As is the case with everything Paul
writes,
he never bothers to explain the nature of
the argument.
Ever.
Not once.
All this says is that I'm always right
and everyone else is wrong,
even if they come up with the same
answer.
Sounds familiar.
As such,
even if Sha'uwl's opinions were right,
and they're not, ever,
without a basis in fact,
this would not be helpful.
Thus far,
and indeed throughout Paul's letters,
we will be exposed to Paul's opinions,
but I, Paul, say,
and we will be appraised of his attitude,
but I, Paul, condemn, but nothing else.
other than omitting the accusative
contrary or in opposition to,
adding preach without justification,
replacing the verb euangelizo with the
noun gospel,
which has no basis other than it's God's
spell.
God would be a pagan god and spell
is a curse.
And adding the pronoun at the end of
the verse,
the King James got most of this right.
as we said before,
and so I now again,
if any man preach other than gospel to
you, then that ye have received,
let him be accursed.
There you go.
To make that seem quasi-literate,
they had to write their own text that
had
considerable differences from what was
actually written.
You know,
gospel and what we have preached from
exactly the same word,
spelled exactly the same way.
One can't be gospel,
which is a made up term that didn't
even exist at the time.
And the other one preached,
which was also a made up term,
neither one of which were used.
Their inspiration was obviously Jerome's
Latin Vulgate,
just as we have said before.
So let me say again,
if anyone has UN jelly verret to you
other than that which you have received,
let him be athema.
a new living translation, which is new,
but not living and not a translation,
actually a paraphrase, wrote,
I say again what we have said before.
If anyone preaches any other good news
other than the one you welcomed,
let that person be cursed.
All three versions were unable to
translate parah.
meaning close,
but yet somehow in opposition,
appropriately when it was used in
conjunction with their gospel and good
news.
But by changing paralumbano to welcomed,
the New Living Translation was once again
the least accurate.
Now, before we move on,
I want to underscore a deficiency
associated with the previous statements
and indeed with all of Sha'uwl's letters.
For this to be an effective warning,
for it to be instructive and useful,
we must know what Paul told the Galatians,
and we don't.
And also know how his preaching,
if you want to use that term,
differed from those he was cursing.
And why did they deserve a curse?
Did they do something that God said is
deserving of a curse?
Or just something Paul said was deserving
of a curse?
Yeah, that would be the answer.
We don't have a face cam here for
Richard, or you would see him...
So obvious.
Yes.
With this information or without this
information,
I'd say speculation reigns supreme and
false interpretations are far too readily
developed,
both of which are Paul's fault in their
entirety.
He was a crappy communicator.
Well, maybe that was his agenda.
He wanted to communicate crap.
As it stands,
all we have is that anyone who delivers
a message which differs in any way from
Paul's should be cursed,
all of which sounds hauntingly similar to
Allah's response in the Quran's
never-ending argument.
And while that was designed to censure
debate,
and while it has kept most critics at
bay because they don't want to have Allah
threaten to burn their britches in hell,
by repeating this,
Paul has tipped his hand.
He has said that his skin and doctrine
are so thin that neither can tolerate
criticism.
That is a sign of insecurity.
When
I made the decision to write my amplified
translations in the form I did throughout
the thirty-five books of the Yadiyahu
series,
twenty-five thousand pages of information.
I decided to do exactly the opposite.
I decided to tell you everything you could
possibly know.
I gave you the full definition of every
word.
And then provided the transliteration of
the generic form of that word that you
can put into any search engine and
validate that translation on your own.
And if a word was a unique,
or there was a question as to what
it might meant,
I'd write a paragraph about it.
And I said, you know, here's your options.
I've chosen this option for the following
reasons.
And then I would make connections between
what was said in this particular case,
always quoting the word of God.
So our strategy was a hundred percent
different.
I wrote all of my books saying,
this is what God said.
This is what this means and how it
applies to your life.
Paul never once did that.
He only quoted inaccurately.
without ever naming him or ever crediting
him for the statement to justify something
Paul had said.
And then he had to misappropriate what
Yahowah actually said.
My goal was rather than create as
inaccurate a rendering of God's testimony
as was possible and to always pull it
out of context,
to always provide the opposite intent,
my goal was to do exactly the opposite
of that.
And it was never to prove my agenda.
It was always start with what God said,
present it as accurately and completely as
possible, always do so in context,
and then deduce conclusions based upon
what he said.
Paul took exactly the opposite approach.
I, Paul,
say I validate it by taking a snippet
of what God said out of context and
misrepresenting it.
They are the opposite approach.
And if you want to trust Paul over
what I have done, you're an idiot.
YadaYah.com, it's all there for you.
Those who cannot defend their message
attack those who are critical of it.
In politics,
this strategy is known as killing the
messenger.
Now, introduction aside,
here's a quick review of Sha'uwl's second
and third sentences.
I marvel and I am amazed, even astonished,
that in this way how quickly and in
haste you changed,
deserting and becoming disloyal apostates,
traitors away from your calling in the
name of Charis,
the cute little naked goddesses,
to a different healing message and
beneficial messenger,
which does not exist differently,
if not hypothetically,
negated because perhaps some are stirring
you up, confusing you,
and also proposing to change the healing
messenger and the good message and the
beneficial message of Christo, who,
by the way, did not exist.
There was no Christo in first century
Christianity.
Yahuwdah or until centuries thereafter.
And then it was only back drafted to
pretend that there was somebody named Mr.
Christou or Christos or Christon.
Never existed,
complete misnomer and based upon a nothing
prophecy that was actually delivered by
the actual Mashyach and spoke of what he
himself was going to do,
none of which the imaginary Christo
actually did.
No reference to a Christu anywhere in the
Towrah, Prophets, and Psalms.
So you can't have a Mr.
Christu as a fulfillment of prophecy or
having anything to do with the Old
Testament.
If you want to make up your lies
and create a myth of an Iosu Christu
and equate him to Dionysus and Zeus,
You know, have at it.
You can do that.
But to attribute them to Yahowah,
his Towrah and prophets,
and to say that he spoke of them
and that they are a God and that
they are associated with the God who
scribed the Towrah and prophets,
inspired them,
you can't do that without presenting
yourself as a complete fraud.
And that's what he did.
So it says then, but to the contrary,
if we are a messenger out of heaven,
conveys a healing messenger or beneficial
message to you,
which is approximately the same or
contrary to,
or even positioned alongside what we have
delivered as a beneficial messenger or
announced as a healing message to you,
then a curse with dreadful consequences
exists.
That means that somebody speaking directly
out of heaven,
Yahowah, for example,
whom he doesn't know by name,
and they were to say something that is
different than what Paul said,
then there would be a curse on Yahowah,
placed by Paul.
Let me know how that works out.
Yeah,
tell me how that works out for you.
I can tell you how that works out
for you.
There's a place for that,
and it's named after, that's Sha'uwl,
he got naming rights because it's called
Sheowl,
written exactly the same way in the Hebrew
text.
Maybe there's a message in
As we have said already and just now,
said just now, immediately thereafter,
repeatedly I say,
if under the condition someone delivers a
helpful messenger or communicates a useful
message to you,
similar to or contrary to an opposition
with or just positioned alongside,
I know you think I'm repeating myself,
but this is what he wrote.
No matter if it is close to or
greater than that which you received,
it shall be.
And in fact,
I command and want it to exist as
a curse with a dreadful consequence.
That's one nine after one eight.
Yes, he repeated himself.
Why?
If you're going to take that many words.
why wouldn't you actually present what the
difference was?
Why wouldn't you name who the rivals were?
Why wouldn't you explain why it was
important that one message was valid and
the other wasn't?
Why wouldn't you validate your approach on
something that Yahowah had said?
Like in the Towrah,
Yahowah says that the covenant is essential
and that it delivers these benefits and it
requires these acceptances from us.
He can't.
He can't explain his own.
No,
because what he is creating is a religious
construct that can only be believed
through faith and cannot ever be proven by
fact.
And in fact...
Jesus Christ, his construct,
is nothing but the product of identity
theft.
He never existed.
So, are you confused or sickened?
Angry or cursed?
Now,
Living life to its fullest and the loving
embrace of the most wonderful woman I have
ever met,
sitting in my study in America's paradise,
overlooking the turquoise waters of the
Caribbean Sea and the U.S.
Virgin Islands,
while translating Yahowah's Towrah and
prophets, including my King's song,
I am proof positive that the only thing
Paul cursed was himself and those he
beguiled.
But don't take my word for it.
Read the thirty five books all presented
free at yada yada com.
There's five devoted to ripping Paul to
shreds very effectively.
All I had to do is report what
Paul said.
and approach what Paul said historically,
logically,
and in comparison to what Yahowah said.
And when he quotes something from God,
whose name he never mentions,
to prove a point that he's trying to
make, and he misquotes him, proof.
Poof.
And I do that hundreds and hundreds and
hundreds of times.
So as we move to the next statement,
while the interrogative required to frame
the question presented in most English
translations does not actually appear in
the Greek text,
it is implied because Paul is asking us
to choose,
but he didn't know how to write a
question.
These questions, however, are rather odd,
considering that Paul has pitted his
message against God.
He said that the Towrah was pornography in
his opening statement.
He said that the whole purpose of his
caricature was to rip us away from that
Towrah.
So that's his competition is God.
Well,
it's the same God that he says is
inspiring him and has appointed him to be
the mighty apostle to the world.
That would be pretty stupid, wouldn't it,
for God to say, yeah,
I want to appoint somebody to speak to
the world for me.
And what they're going to say is that
what I've written is pornography.
It's trash.
It cannot save.
And that he's going to create a religion
using a misnomer whose job it is to
rip you away from everything that I have
previously said is true.
But if you're a Christian,
that is your scenario.
Live with it.
Also,
this first approach is advanced through a
very peculiar verb.
It's one that runs the gamut from
perplexing to inappropriate,
from conceited to bewildering,
but Paul wasn't the greatest wordsmith.
If I may,
since the writing quality is so poor,
let's begin with the
Nestle-Allens-McReynolds interlinear.
Now for men, I persuade or the God.
Or I seek men to please.
If still men, I was pleasing of Christ,
slave, not I was.
Huh?
I've got a headache.
I'll read that again.
This is the the most scholastic of all
possible renderings.
It's literal from the the Nestle Allen's
twenty seventh edition,
which is a composite text of of
manuscripts.
Unfortunately,
they never adjusted their text to the
Sixty nine pre-Constantine manuscripts
because, well,
there's three hundred thousand known
variances between those and the the the
text that they have delivered themselves.
But and they don't tell you how many
differences there are and the fact that
there's twice as many differences as there
are actually words in the New Testament,
but they don't want you to know any
of that.
But nonetheless,
that is the most scholastic approach you
can take is now for men I persuade
or the God,
or I seek men to please.
If still men, I was pleasing of Christ,
who by the way didn't exist,
slave not I was.
Well, that's clear as mud.
So then amplified and even more literal,
and I have done this throughout every
verse that is presented because I have
access to the sixty-nine first,
second and third century manuscripts,
even the early fourth century manuscripts.
therefore can render this exactly as it
was testified to in the manuscripts prior
to Constantine and Eusebius writing their
own text the way that they saw fit.
And therefore it reads, for,
which is gar because, currently arti,
or simultaneous, just now,
Men, I persuade.
Now,
they want to turn this into a question
because it's the only way it works is
as a question, but it is it,
does not actually appear in the text.
It just reads, for currently, men,
I persuade.
This was Pitho.
I presently, actively,
and actually use words to win the favor
of.
I seduce, mislead, coax, convince,
appease, and placate.
Introducing someone through words to
believe so that they strive to please me
by tranquilizing them would be a complete
definition of the word in the tense that
it was written.
Look it up yourself.
Or alternatively, the God.
Or, by the way,
God didn't have a name.
You know, all gods have a name.
Dionysus had a name.
Amen-Ra had a name.
Zeus had a name.
Jupiter had a name.
All the gods had a name.
Why doesn't Paul's God have a name?
Poor Paul God doesn't have a name.
Paul's got two names, Sha'uwl and Paul.
In Paul's words, he is God.
Yeah, well, of course.
Poor Paul.
Poor Pauline God doesn't have a name.
Or the God, or,
and do I does not exist,
or I seek to please and accommodate men.
I oblige men, humans.
Yet nevertheless,
I don't know how do you get there
nevertheless from there.
But yet nevertheless, if, boy,
the conditional clauses here just would
choke a cow.
Yet nevertheless, if men,
I was pleasing and accommodating slave of
Christou.
Certainly not was me.
This is where they got the speaking style
of Yoda from Star Wars.
You're going to demean Yoda this way?
Oh, I'm sorry.
Okay.
All right, so the initial verb, pithop,
was written in the first person singular,
present active indicative,
which not only means that Paulos is again
operating on his own,
but also that the opening sentence
literally reads, because currently men,
I presently, actively,
and actually use words to win the favor
of.
I seduce, I mislead, coax, appease,
and placate.
inducing belief through words pleasing to
me while tranquilizing them or the God.
So regardless of which option we choose,
this question poses a series of rather
serious problems.
Well, only a problem if you're a twisty.
I'm not,
so it's not a problem for me.
It's an opportunity for me.
First,
the transition from we as the sources of
the lone acceptable message,
which was never, by the way, articulated,
but it was associated with those cute
little girls, and they were adorable.
The cherries,
which are rendered in the Latin as gratia,
and became the graces,
and grace in English.
They're party-hardy animals.
They were the cutest little girls in both
the Roman and in the Greek religion.
They were always naked,
and they were always up to, well,
mischief,
if you're into Christendom's standards of
sexual behavior,
because they were encouraging all manner
of sexuality and party-hardy.
Romans loved them and the Greeks loved
them because, you know,
that fit right up into their alley.
So the cherries and the gratia were very
popular.
And this was the gospel of the gratia,
the gospel according to those cute little
girls.
Now,
having read a fair amount of Greek and
Roman mythology, the funny thing,
the gratia and the graces, they were cute.
They had a good time.
They didn't have a gospel.
They didn't have a message.
They don't have a message.
They traded on emotional responses and
were fixated on things that were about
skin deep.
Just like the religious do.
Yeah, they were not into a gospel.
They were not into delivering a message.
They were their message.
So rather than partnering with men,
as we might imply,
is Paul opposing men in some sort of
grand debate?
Or rather than partnering with God,
as we might also suggest,
is Paul actually arguing against him?
Those are your options.
And while Paul's personal confessions
His side here,
his positions on his approach affirm that,
well, if you read to the bitter end,
he has a partner.
He said there was a messenger, a gelos.
He would use the Greek, a messenger.
This would be like a malak.
ha-Satan is a malak.
He said there was a malak from Satan
that controlled him.
That's his partner.
End of second Corinthians,
if you want to verify that fact.
There is a hint of delusional arrogance
here in this transition.
Just a hint back to I,
because no matter how we translate pitho,
Paul is implying that his rhetoric and
reason are sublime.
It is as if he wants us to
believe that he was so much smarter than
everyone else that he could take on God
and men single-handedly,
one hand tied behind his back.
Half a tongue working?
Second, winning favor among with,
along with, I should say,
persuade and convince.
So winning favor along with persuade and
convince is the best we can do with
Pitot.
Every other connotation makes this
question
or pretense of a question,
substantially worse because it would read,
I presently actively and actually seduce,
mislead, coax, appease, and placate men.
Or God.
Take your pick.
Third,
in spite of what the religious zealots
have been led to believe,
we are not called to win the favor
of men.
Not once, not ever, by God.
He does not want us to win the
favor of men.
Men can earn the favor of God,
but we are not called to win the
favor of men.
If your goal is to have men favor
you and to like you,
then I can assure you you're not speaking
for God, ever.
You want to know the fastest way to
have men disavow you?
Speak for Yahowah.
Guaranteed,
happens a hundred percent of the time.
There really isn't an exception to that.
Look at every one of his prophets.
Look at all the key players in his
story.
A hundred percent of the time,
always the same.
If you're speaking for God,
you are not winning the favor of men.
It is always the opposite.
We're not even called to persuade and
convince men.
No.
We are called to know what Yahowah said,
to understand it,
And then once we know it and understand
it, to share it.
What people do with it is completely up
to them.
And the notion of persuading and
convincing God, well,
apart from Paul's letters,
that would be nonsensical.
I've had a few arguments with God.
I've said, you know, God,
you're making this really hard.
Could we have a little bit easier than
it is?
And he said, nope.
You want to have an argument with God?
You're going to get a lot of nope.
No.
And then after a while you grow up
and you say, oh,
now I realize why it's hard.
It has to be hard.
If it wasn't hard,
idiots like this would appear in heaven
and then heaven would be filled with
idiots like this and then heaven would be
like hell.
So
it can't be easy.
You've got to have the want to,
you've got to have a desire to pay
attention to what God says.
You've got to have your mind working.
You've got to think it through.
You've got to come to reasoned, uh,
deductions and then act upon that and be
consistent with it.
So God's not trying to make it easy
in this case.
So, uh, as I say, uh, um,
you know, I remember my,
one of the last times that a couple
of times that I had a, uh,
an argument with God, I, um,
I had written years, years, years ago,
twenty two years ago,
a book called The Prophet of Doom.
And it's the only book that I had
not gone back and and edited as I
learned more over time.
And so I didn't want to go back
and edit that book because, well,
it was about Muhammad,
who was a pedophile and rapist and mass
murderer and
demonic piece of crap and his non-God who
was modeled after Satan.
And so it's really dark.
And it's like, you know,
you have to go for every day that
you're in a book like that.
you have to trounce into hell and wallow
in the mud with these monkeys.
And I just didn't enjoy it.
And I was asked to do it.
I did it.
I spent then two,
three years of my life in writing it
and then promoting it and radio shows.
It had a tremendous purpose because as I
would speak out against it,
lots of people would listen to what I
had to say about Yahowah and it brought
in...
most of the covenant family members that
are with us today.
But it was not fun.
So on the morning of October seventh,
twenty three, as Muslims were marching,
not marching in,
they were scurrying in on their their
tinny rompers into Israel,
most of them with garden tools.
I knew I was the only person in
the world that knew what was happening,
why it was happening and
what the proper response would be.
And I knew that it was in Profit
of Doom,
but I wasn't comfortable promoting Profit
of Doom at the time because of the
fact that, well,
it was written twenty-two,
twenty-three years earlier when I knew a
tiny fraction of one percent of what I
know now.
And therefore I knew that I needed to
rewrite it to be that tool.
And I knew that was going to take
another year of my time.
And it's not fun when translating Yahowah's
testimony is fun.
So I said, come on, you know,
we're having a great time.
We're writing, coming home, volume three,
learning a lot, great stuff.
I know I'm watching this stuff.
I know that's where the answer is.
I know I haven't updated it in a
very long time, but you know,
you don't want me to go back there,
do you?
Simple answer.
I've taken care of you.
Now you take care of my people.
This is what happens if you try to
negotiate with God.
He wins every argument.
We have fun.
Well, I think it's fun.
But
one does not convince god god knows what's
up he knows what's best you either do
what is right or you don't and if
you don't then you are you are not
going to convince god that you're right i
can assure you of that
So the notion of persuading and convincing
God that Paul has written about is
absolute nonsense.
It is God's job to convince us that
he is trustworthy and reliable and that he
inspired the Towrah prophets and Psalms,
not our job to try to convince him
that we have something worthy to add or
to say.
And even then,
Yahowah is not interested in winning our
favor or in persuading us.
God lays outside, lies outside of the,
or I should say he lays out the
opportunity.
and the conditions to form a relationship
with him.
He proves that we can trust him.
He invites us to get to know him.
And then working with his son,
he made it possible.
He enabled those promises by fulfilling
Pesach, Matsah, and Bikuwrym, for example.
And that's really as far as God goes.
The rest is up to you.
Therefore,
if we render pitho as favorably as
possible,
if the answer to the question is men,
Paul's approach is ungodly.
And if the answer is God,
then Paul's arrogance is in league with
Satan.
That's the only two informed rational
deductions that can be made from that
text.
And both of them mean that you need
to throw out everything in Christianity
because this is the opening salvo.
This is the foundation of the religion of
Christianity.
It's not based on the birth of a
baby God.
There was no baby God.
That is the good news.
When any of Pitho's alternative
definitions are considered,
Paul becomes the lord of deceit.
Yahowah called him the son of evil.
The devil, Pitho, seduces, misleads,
coaxes, appeases, and placates.
That is why Yahowah called Sha'uwl the father
of lies.
As you might suspect,
Pitho is almost exclusively Pauline.
It is used in Paul's letters and
attributed to him throughout Acts.
One of the few times that is found
in association with the gospel Jesus that
would emerge, well,
two and a half decades after this letter.
The book of Matthew,
which was written around a hundred CE and
heavily edited by Eusebius in the fourth
century.
shows him translated using it to convey
the religious mindset of the opposition by
writing, the chief priests and the elders,
pitho, the multitude.
So they should ask for Barabbas and
destroy Iosus.
shortly thereafter in Matthew,
and now in a political setting,
the imposter writing under the pseudonym
master.
Matthew is translated using pitho again to
say,
and if this comes to the governor's ears,
he will pitho him.
So it's presented there as a religious
term and a political term in opposition to
gospel Jesus.
Luke, who was Paul's attache,
his propagandist and his spiritual healer,
in his hearsay account translates gospel
Jesus,
and I use gospel Jesus because there is
no real Jesus.
So if I'm going to reference the one
that's now presented in the gospels,
what am I going to call him other
than gospel Jesus?
translates Gospel Jesus, the imposter,
using pitho twice.
But neither translation is credible in
that Luke wasn't an eyewitness.
And even in the fables written of him,
the mythical misnomer never spoke Greek.
So he couldn't have used the word.
Now,
I understand that religious individuals do
not see any issue with men persuading
other men on behalf of their God,
but that is because they have been
deceived into believing that it is their
God's will that we win souls for them.
They see conversion to the religion as a
favorable event,
as something that bolsters their faith.
They not only send out evangelists to
persuade people into believing as they do,
the church has used the threat of violence
for eons to convert the masses,
doing so for centuries.
But not only is Paul's message opposed to
God's message,
winning souls is not God's style.
He's trying to push them away.
He doesn't want most people anywhere near
him.
Yahowah is only interested in those who are
interested with him.
And all he wants from us is to
understand who he is, what he's offering,
and what he expects in return.
And yet there isn't one in a million
people that can answer any one of those
three questions.
That way we can choose once we know
the answer to those three questions of our
own volition to get to know him,
to ignore him, to reject him.
With God, it's all about free will.
Now these things known,
there is no way to overemphasize the
consequence of this question or pretense
of a question.
No matter the answer,
it proves that Paul did not speak for
God.
It also demonstrates that his use of we
did not include God.
in fact included no one other than an
imaginary friend to make it sound like he
was part of a large movement,
but he wasn't.
It does not get better from here,
but after posing a non-question where both
options have horrendous ramifications,
indeed religious implications.
Sha'uwl spends his pretense of a question
posing it a different way.
And yet this only makes it worse because
we ought not try to accommodate or please
men.
Yahowah doesn't.
Dowd didn't.
In fact,
God's approach is just the opposite.
He is resolutely intolerant.
He does not accommodate the views of the
vast preponderance of people.
He is displeased with humanity and says so
overtly.
While it is Yahowah's desire for us to
get to know him,
he only accommodates the few who do.
Also problematic,
with the juxtaposition of the first and
second e, which is or,
we cannot isolate Paul seeking to please
men from the possibility that he is
attempting to accommodate God.
The first option is disingenuous and
pathetic, while the second is ludicrous.
Not only were these questions left
unanswered,
which is typical Pauline style,
which leaves one wondering why they were
even posed.
Why would you do that?
You're going to say there was a difference
in opinion on one message versus another.
You're going to use a bogus term for
message.
And then you're going to say that if
any message differs or even is similar
from mine,
but is presented by somebody else,
even if they came from heaven,
that they're cursed.
and you're not gonna explain what the
differences were.
And then you're going to say,
ask a potential question,
am I trying to seduce God or men?
And you won't even answer that question.
Why pose these hypotheticals?
They're just left unanswered.
Why were they posed?
They were followed by Eti, nevertheless.
and I, if,
strongly suggesting that Paul actually
wanted us to think that he was capable
of sparring with God.
Further, aresco,
the next verb that Paul deploys,
is not a cerebral concept,
but instead speaks of exciting and
enticing emotions.
And the object this time is a choristo,
indicating that God,
rather than being
predictable and dependable,
can be swayed by an emotional appeal.
While Yahowah has an emotional component to
his nature,
everything that we know about God affirms
that he values an informed and rational
response over misdirected feelings.
Being steadfast to him is exceedingly
important.
Now,
Paul routinely infers that he died to
become Christ.
Okay, then how is he writing this?
And what good is his death?
Why would you have to die to become
one with your God,
unless your God is death?
Certainly,
Then he says,
which is what of Christo certainly not was
me.
Now, who knows what that means,
but that's what he wrote.
However,
if one sees Paul's Ius Christo as the
new and mythological caricature upon which
Pauline religions was contrived,
then the author of this letter is the
living embodiment of the Christian Jesus
Christ.
Paul is to Jesus Christ as Muhammad was
to Allah.
They're one.
They are the same.
If you know one, unfortunately,
you know the other.
If you like one, well,
then you'll like the other,
but that doesn't say much for you.
If we were to dispense with the dubious
connections and evaluate Paul's rhetoric
as if it were presented in the debate,
he'd flunk.
He couldn't pass that test either.
Sha'uwl deployed a non-sequitur.
The initial question was not answered by
his hypothetical.
And there was no quid pro quo between
accommodating man and serving his Christo.
Moreover, how is it that Paul,
who fashions himself as one of those who
liberated the faithful from the bondage of
the Towrah,
is now positioning himself as a slave?
Which he did.
and not just anybody's slave.
He is now in servitude to the same
Christo whose death supposedly freed
everyone from slavery.
So this has become a litany of
contradictions.
And the fact remains,
only an egomaniac would suggest that
someone might wonder whether or not a man
was persuading God.
And that is especially troubling,
since the opening stanza of this letter
affirms that Paul was not effectively
persuading and convincing men.
Beyond this,
perhaps we can deduce that Paul's intent
was to convince his audience by displaying
hostility towards the Galatians,
which he did at large.
When you have to...
have a blanket indictment and you,
and you condemning all people for
rejecting you, you know,
maybe the finger ought to come the other
way as opposed to out there.
He never figured that part out because he
wrote the same letter to the Thessalonians
and wrote the same letter to the
Corinthians all three times he was there.
He preached his little brains out, uh,
or whatever it was that he was preaching
from.
And, uh,
came back and wrote a scathing letter and
said, why did you reject me?
You all turned against me,
just as he did here to the Galatians.
Anyway,
he was displaying hostility towards them
at large,
as well as against all other messengers or
messages.
That was ridiculous.
He was trying to demonstrate without
proving it,
but was he there to please God and
not men?
And if he was there to please men,
why did they were also displeased with
him?
And if he was trying to please God,
why didn't he quote him?
Why didn't he name him?
But nothing,
and why would you take umbrage with it?
In other words,
if you're speaking for Yahowah and
everybody rejects it, which is natural,
why would you take umbrage?
Why would you have a tizzy fit and
say that any message, even from heaven,
that differs from mine is a curse?
Speak for Yahowah.
Yahowah's got big shoulders.
They want to reject Yahowah.
That's their choice.
They're not rejecting you.
They're rejecting Yahowah.
So let it be.
It will be.
Nothing displeases God more than
denouncing and discarding his testimony,
which is what Paul completely did.
Now,
this is a serious problem for thoughtful
and rational individuals.
When Paul was not focusing on himself,
he was focused on presenting an errant
characterization of replacement Jesus.
Neither perspective has merit.
Even Gospel Jesus said that people should
focus on the Father and not on him.
But since Paul is in opposition to Yahowah
and his Towrah,
that simply wasn't possible.
Now I'm keenly aware that there is a
limit to the amount of criticism that an
audience will endure.
And while gospel Jesus differed from
Yahowah and called the faithful to love
their enemies,
we are not encouraged by God to expose
and condemn his foes and those of his
people,
which is why questioning Paul is so
essential.
So he wants us to do this.
This is what God does routinely.
He points out the foibles of religious and
political mantras so that we're not lured
by them.
And God wants us to do that.
I mean,
the first thing that God asked me to
do when we first met,
twenty-five years ago,
is to expose and condemn Allah, Muhammad,
and Islam, which I did.
And then his next request is do the
same for Paul and Jesus, which I did.
There's ten books now available on those
subjects.
All free at YadaYah.com.
So to be a
Our criticisms need to be bolstered by
evidence and reason.
They need to be consistent with God's
testimony,
and they should be focused on an
individual, an institution,
or a very specific message.
We can't play the antidotal game.
Well,
I know a Christian that was a good
guy,
or I know a Muslim that was a
bad guy,
so the religion is good or bad based
upon an antidotal evidence.
You want to play antidotal evidence?
Go away,
because you are a waste of breath.
It's gotta be focused on an individual
responsible for disseminating a message or
the institution which embodies it,
or the specific message itself like that
of the Quran, the New Testament,
the Zohar, the Talmud.
That's fair game.
So is Akiba, Paul, Peter, Muhammad.
In Paul's case,
His blanket dismissal of an entire
province and nation is not appropriate,
nor is his criticism without
justification,
and Paul seldom provides any under any
circumstances.
He condemns Peter without even giving a
reason.
He condemns John of nothing more than
having a different euangelion than his.
So this letter opens similarly to what we
read earlier from Romans seven and that
diatribe with universal condemnation.
Generic statements like that seldom have
any value.
When you say, you know,
all Greeks are overweight.
No, some are, some aren't.
Some people who are Greek are not Greek
are.
Some are not.
Generalities like that never are even
worth stating.
So while it's appropriate to
constructively criticize religious
documents and institutions,
it is not appropriate to rail against
their victims en masse unless they become
promoters and perpetrators of a lie that
is damning to God's people or God's
message.
And yet Paul is lashing out at everyone
while undermining the entire community
because he suspects everyone is his foe.
He's paranoid.
including from heaven and down to earth.
He feels compelled to cut them all down.
So in this regard,
his tone will evolve from condescending to
vicious and will become stunningly
uncivilized and uncultured.
And while I
never find it appropriate since Paul poses
the question.
His wholly antagonistic attitude towards
men reveals the answer to the questions
that he posed.
In his mind, he was debating God.
Moreover,
the evidence will demonstrate Paul's rage
was universally misplaced.
Sha'uwl's adversaries were leading the
Galatians to Yahowah, to the Towrah,
while Sha'uwl's were taking them for a ride
in the opposite direction.
Now, apart from the errant title Christ,
my concern with the most influential
translations is that they were neither
consistent
with the actual text,
and they added and removed words.
They added a plethora of terms to
artificially elevate the writing quality
and removed ones that they did not
understand or didn't fit their religion.
Well, Paul wrote,
For because currently or simultaneously,
men,
I presently persuade to win the favor of
seducing, misleading, and coaxing,
even conniving and appeasing, placating,
and alternatively, the theos, God.
Or alternatively,
by comparison and contrast,
I desire to please and accommodate humans.
Yet nevertheless,
even regardless if men I was obliging and
accommodating, exciting them emotionally,
a slave of Christo certainly not was me.
With that being what he wrote,
the King James Version published,
for do I now persuade men or God?
Or do I seek to please men?
For if I yet pleased men,
I should not be the servant of Christ.
While Christians no Dowd see this as a
rhetorical question,
the deeper we dig into Paul's mantra and
mindset,
the more likely it becomes that Paul
thought himself qualified to persuade God
to change his plan of salvation.
The living
of the Latin Vulgate, right?
And this would be the Latin Vulgate
rendered in English.
For am I now persuading men or God?
Or am I seeking to please men?
If I still were pleasing men,
then I would not be a servant of
Christie.
Now,
unlike the King James and the Vulgate,
the New Living Translations reads
beautifully.
It's a shame Paul didn't write this
eloquently.
Obviously,
I'm not trying to win the approval of
people, but of God.
If pleasing men were my goal,
I would not be Christ's servant.
Well,
there is an extremely remote possibility
that this may have been what he meant
to say.
It is absolutely not what he wrote.
And should they have magically captured
Paul's intent,
we are incapable of winning the approval
of God.
That is the reason God conceived a plan
whereby he did all that was required to
make us acceptable.
Next.
We find Sha'uwl professing that the message
he was revealing was his own.
And indeed it was.
And Paulos wanted everyone the world over
to recognize that the mantra which would
become known as the gospel.
The fact that there's four gospels
preceding Paul's letters doesn't mean
that's how they were conceived.
It's Paul that conceived the concept of a
gospel and the first of them would not
be written until two and a half,
three decades after this letter that
introduced the concept of gospel.
and they were written by two of Paul's
cronies.
It was hypo-ego is the basis of it,
by, under and through me, hyper-ego,
by reason and force of me,
because of and controlled by me and my
ego.
But,
Therefore, however, I profess, not God,
not Yahowah, not even Jesus,
but therefore I profess and I reveal,
I perceive and I tell,
I provide the knowledge I have gained to
make known,
I recognize and declare to you, brothers,
he doesn't have any brothers.
They all hated him, remember?
Remember?
of the beneficial messenger and the
healing message.
Huh?
Brothers of the beneficial messenger or of
the healing message?
Is he out of his mind?
Which they all rejected.
And he just affirmed they rejected it.
So there are no brothers of that message,
which having been communicated
advantageously by myself, ego,
because it was not in accord with man.
Huh?
Galatians one, eleven.
This, of course,
means that Paul was solely responsible for
his gospel.
He conceived it all by himself.
And he alone was authorized to declare it
his gospel.
After all, as such,
Paul was solely responsible for the
mythology which became Christianity.
There is no one else to credit or
to blame.
If his proposal and individual revelations
are not true, and they aren't,
the religion he conceived is wholly
unreliable.
Christian clerics universally recognize
and readily admit that Paul opposed the
alleged disciples.
The statement merely explains why.
His message was his own,
and he did not play well with others.
Set into the context of debating God,
this is an incriminating confession.
But even if you were unaware of Paul's
underhanded slap at his adversaries,
both human and divine,
it was either egregiously presumptuous or
an outrageous confession, one of the two.
We're dealing with presumptiveness or
confessions.
To write, gnoso, I reveal, I provide.
The euangelion,
the beneficial messenger and the healing
messenger.
And I, euangelio,
communicate it advantageously.
Hypo, ego, by myself.
It's a confession.
If Paul were somehow speaking for God,
Shouldn't he be touting Yahowah's words and
not his own?
It's that another way.
Someone who is speaking for Yahowah knows
that it's his message, Yahowah's message,
that matters, not the one who delivers it.
Had this been anything more than Paul
claiming the world as his own,
he would have done what he was doing.
And he would...
do as what we are doing,
which is to dissect every errant message,
showing through evidence and reason where
it's wrong.
He claimed that the gospel was his own.
So they don't have a gospel of Matthew,
Mark, Luke, and John.
No, the gospel is Paul's.
He invented the concept.
He doesn't take any rivals,
and he argued with God to create his
version.
And he then claimed that his message alone
would stand and anyone who had a different
gospel than his was cursed.
Paul should have delineated pertinent
examples of his euangelion,
which may be different from his own,
but he didn't.
But the only message Paul has condemned is
God's.
He was ruthless towards the Towrah,
discrediting and discarding God's Towrah.
His enemy is God.
His victims are known as Christians.
The McReynolds Interlinear reveals that
the Nestle-Allen text reads,
I make known for to you, brothers,
the good message,
having been told good message by me that
not it is by man.
So that's saying I'm not a man.
I was the one who told you the
message, but it's not by man.
I told you the message,
but it's not by man.
What does that make Paul?
A wannabe God.
In order to make those words appear
credible,
euangelion and euangelizo had to be
rendered differently,
even though their etymological basis is
identical.
But yet in the King James, they said,
but I clarify, I certify you, brethren,
that the gospel which was preached of me,
gospel of me, is not after man.
Then why doesn't God have a gospel?
Hmm?
Well, that's incriminating.
The King James Version accurately asserted
that Paul certified that the gospel which
was preached was of me.
in a rational world,
this would have been sufficient to bury
him.
Jerome's blend of old Latin text was both
less accurate and less convincing.
The Latin Vulgate reads,
For I would have you understand, brothers,
that the euangelium,
which has been euangelisatum by me,
was not according to man.
then where is God's proof text on it?
I've translated most of the Towrah prophets
and Psalms.
I've analyzed God's words, his message.
I don't find a gospel anywhere in it,
nor do I find the cute little gratia
or the charis, the charities.
I find a Paul mentioned,
and God says that he's the plague of
death.
That's not helpful to Christians, is it?
But never and ever inform the New Living
Translation ignored six of the twelve
Greek words.
And then they added ten English words of
their own choosing.
If you can't convey the meaning of the
words in the text,
then don't pretend that it is a
translation, okay?
Just said we're writing a novel.
Still inadequate to support their
theology,
they grossly misinterpreted and
misrepresented and inconsistently
translated euangelion.
Dear brothers and sisters,
I want you to understand the gospel
message I preach is not based upon mere
human reasoning.
The use of mere implies that human
reasoning was a contributing factor.
And that suggests that Yahowah's message
was incomplete or inadequate and that he
required the contribution of Sha'uwl's
considerable intellect.
When you combine Paul's arrogant and
incriminating statements with the
Christian interpretation of them,
you have the crime and the confession laid
right at your feet.
So why have so few people held Paul
accountable and condemned his New
Testament in the process?
What follows is the other half of Sha'uwl's
defense.
He is saying that he was not influenced
by any human agenda or institution,
while implying that those who oppose him
are in opposition to his God.
Paul's approach and style are rabbinic,
and it would be hard to find someone
more opposed to God than they.
Well, unless it is Muhammad,
but that's a story for another series of
books.
we are about to jump into another sentence
and we're over our hour time uh frame
in this program so i'm going to bid
you adieu for today we will return to
this message hopefully uh tomorrow or the
following day uh we have some very
blustery uh weather outside so that's why
we came down uh into the rainbow studio
this morning as opposed to continuing
The Mizmowr of Dowd upstairs in the Ocean
Studio.
Maybe it'll taper down a little bit more
as we go through the day,
but when it gets that blustery,
in five minutes time we can come up
with a rain squall and that's pretty hard
on our equipment so we try to avoid
that rich doesn't mind if i get wet
but the equipment has value so we you're
not going to melt i'm not going to
melt i'm not going to blow away but
the equipment that's a different story and
so we we're going to preserve the studio
um from the the elements when we have
the chance so we came down here to
this beautiful room and our rainbow studio
and
That's why we're delivering this message
today.
I think we'll probably do a program in
our library studio,
which means we'll continue our exploration
of the eighty ninth Mizmowr.
I'm pretty comfortably a hundred pages
ahead of where we're reporting it as I'm
trying to
It's a very different process for me.
I used to translate and contemplate to
write books,
and now I'm translating and contemplating
to share these insights with you
contemporaneous with the learning process.
I happen to like it a lot better.
Books are resulting from it,
but I like it a lot better because
as I discussed with Perry,
who is visiting us here today and may
stay for a good long time, is that,
as he pointed out,
teaching and learning are intertwined.
And so when he said that, I said,
you know, the Hebrew word for to teach,
and it's lamed.
I said,
you know what the Hebrew word is for
to learn?
It's lament.
So we had this figured out a long
time ago to teach.
We learn to learn.
We can teach.
And so these are related concepts.
And the more we teach,
the more we learn.
and come to really own the message that
we're saying,
but develop it and refine it.
And so all of these things are
interrelated.
And I like this process of learning
literally as we're reading and sharing
something with you and then extrapolating
upon it and going beyond it.
It is constantly refining what we know and
learning and improving.
Even when we find that we've made a
mistake in interpretation and there's a
much more profound explanation,
that whole process is so invigorating,
it's so empowering, so enriching.
And it pleases Yahowah no end that we
can learn from our mistakes and grow from
them.
It proves that we're reliable and
trustworthy.
And so I'm very much enjoying that process
and will return to it.
uh upstairs so i thank you for listening
i would you know one of these days
i would love to get back to uh
i wouldn't love to but i i'm willing
to return to our assessment of islam i
have written uh four thousand two hundred
pages of irrefutable evidence that allah
was not a god and muhammad was not
a prophet and that islam is a terrorist
dogma and that the religion exists for the
purpose of human genocide the problem with
uh
spending much time on or devoting entire
programs to it is the thought police on
Facebook and on YouTube won't allow you to
convey the truth.
The truth is never an alibi.
So we have to be very careful in
that regard.
But we may do more programs as we
go forward.
And we also have to figure out,
do we have three months left on this
stage or a year and three months left
on it for the timing of the Shabuwah
harvest?
We know that the Shabuwah ushers in the
time of Israel's trouble,
so something terrible is going to happen.
with the US and Israel poised to attack
Iran,
which is now buttressed by China and
Russia.
So we know that it is the beginning
of the time of Israel's troubles,
May of this year, on Shabuwah.
We just don't know if this is the
Shabuwah of the harvest.
It could be next Shabuwah.
Those are the only two options.
But I look forward to exploring that with
you and continuing to take advantage of
whatever time we have remaining.
I thank you for listening.
We look forward to being with you later
today.
Good day.
Hey there.
Thanks for tuning in.
That was Fetch.
Gotta run now.
Catch y'all on our next podcast.